Add Mini Apps series (#3938)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/mini-apps/mini-app-components/index.md

proprietary URI scheme `antdevtool-tiny://`. This allows the documentation to link directly into a
to-be-imported mini app project, so developers can get started with the component immediately.

## Custom components

Apart from using the vendor-provided components, developers can also create custom components. The
concept exists for
[WeChat](https://developers.weixin.qq.com/miniprogram/en/dev/framework/custom-component/),
[ByteDance](https://microapp.bytedance.com/docs/zh-CN/mini-app/develop/guide/custom-component/custom-component),
[Alipay](https://opendocs.alipay.com/mini/framework/component_configuration), and
[Baidu](https://smartprogram.baidu.com/docs/develop/framework/custom-component/), as well as
[Quick App](https://doc.quickapp.cn/tutorial/framework/parent-child-component-communication.html#%E7%BB%84%E4%BB%B6%E8%87%AA%E5%AE%9A%E4%B9%89).
For example, a Baidu custom component consists of four files that must reside in the same folder:
`custom.swan`, `custom.css`, `custom.js`, and `custom.json`.

The file `custom.json` denotes the folder contents as a custom component.

```json
{
  "component": true
}
```

> The files `custom.swan` and `custom.css` contain the markup respectively the CSS.

Author: ```suggestion
The file `custom.swan` contains the markup and `custom.css` the CSS.
```

> The files `custom.swan` and `custom.css` contain the markup respectively the CSS.

Author: Simplified.
